hey there tadpoles I'm a frog and today
you are watching a video about title
updates 17s release date so title update
17 is the next big update that's coming
to Minecraft on the Xbox 360 and on the
ps3 and of course on minecraft on the
next-gen consoles which are the Xbox one
and the ps4 so yeah a title update 17 is
coming to all of these consoles and
people are speculating what's going to
be in them like what kind of features
some people say in horses which i think
is crazy
other people were saying stuff like
hoppers or bats and witches but anyway
that's not what the video is about I'm
actually going to make a video about
that tomorrow or maybe the next day
if anyway today I want to talk about
when it's going to be released now we
know that the next-gen versions of
Minecraft are coming out in August which
is next month and it's approaching very
fast now the logical thing to do for 4j
that 4j would do is that they would
release this massive update with loads
of cool features in it they would
release it sometime after or before
minecraft is released on the next-gen
consoles which is the Xbox one and the
ps4 obviously now the reason they would
do that is to entice people to buy their
new versions of Minecraft because you
know it offers some cool new features so
what I'm getting to here is that title
update 17 will probably be released
around the release date of the next-gen
versions of Minecraft which is sometime
in August our title update 17 is a
massive update I don't think it's going
to be released at the very beginning of
August because that's very soon but we
actually have no idea when the next-gen
versions of Minecraft are going to be
released but I think it'll be somewhere
in the middle of the month and therefore
I think that type of update 17 will be
released a couple of days after or maybe
even on the same day so therefore my
speculation is that title update 17 is
going to be released somewhere between
August the 15th and August the 25th
within those 10 days one last thing to
mention is that it might actually come
out on ps3 and ps4 before it reaches the
Xbox consoles now the reason for that is
because it has to go through Microsoft
certification testing and that takes
longer than these Sony's the
certification testing as
seen on previous updates so PlayStation
users you may get it maybe two or three
days before the Xbox players but we will
be getting there sometime in August and
I'm saying there will be somewhere near
August to the twentieth now I think the
reasoning behind my guess is pretty good
and I think it's a very good educated
guess but you know everyone's going to
think different things so just let me
know in the comment section down below
if you agree with my date or when do you
think that title updates 17 will be
coming out that's about it thanks a lot
for watching if you did enjoy make sure
to slap the like button and until next
time I'll see you later probes
[Music]